What brings us together here today— during a school break, no less—
Undelivered Eggs To Be Discarded
A Poultry Farmer's Opinion
National Overproduction of Eggs
is the nation's current egg glut, in which excess eggs,
rather than being sent to market, are being discarded in bulk.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that on the news.
What a waste!
Right?
So I came up with a plan to salvage those discarded eggs and assassinate Korosensei.
My Plan (Secret)
Assassinate him with eggs?
Psh. So you cook up a dish and toss in a few of these babies?
Like he won't see straight through it.
My Plan (Secret)
I gave it a little more thought than that.
The initial preparations are already in place, thanks to Karasuma-sensei.
Yes, everything's all set up in the yard—
To the yard, everyone!
Honestly. These kids come up with the craziest things.
This mold and those eggs... Don't tell me...
Yep! We're gonna make one gigantic pudding!
I call it...
Operation Pudding Popper!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Past Past
2nd Period Sugino Tomohito Kaede Time
Operation Pudding Popper?
Korosensei does have a sweet tooth.
About that!
I've already obtained a crucial confession!
Couldn't you just eat these puddings forever?
You bet I could!
Someday, I'd love to just dive into a pudding that's even bigger than me!
But I don't have that kind of money, so I guess it will remain but a fantasy.
Let's make his impossible dream come true!
To be honest, I'd like a piece of that pudding too!
We'll embed bombs and anti-teacher pellets into the giant pudding's base.
And when he gets down to the bottom...
It might be worth a try.
He does tend to go crazy over sweets and sexy stuff.
And with Kayano stepping forth from the background,
My Plan (Secret)
there's an element of surprise, too.
Okay, let's make the most of the time that he's absent
and go for broke!
Yeah!
I used an inactive line at a mayonnaise factory
to prep the beaten eggs that'll be going in this giant mold.
But outside a certain level of governmental cooperation,
we'll be doing the rest of the cooking ourselves!
First, we mix in sugar and milk.
Vanilla oil brings out the flavor.
But, Kaede-chan, they tried to make a giant pudding on TV once, and it didn't work.
It was too big, so it collapsed under its own weight.
To combat that, we're mixing in both agar and gelatin as coagulants.
The agar's fiber will make it stronger.
m 32 35 l 411 35 411 116 32 116
Melting Point Test Melting Point Test
Recent Average September Temperature: 23.8C
m 1132 645 l 1238 645 1238 682 1132 682
In-house comparison Gelatin Agar Gelatin Gelatin Agar
Agar
Plus, agar's higher melting point means it stays intact longer in heat,
so the pudding should stay firm, even outside in September.
Whoa...
Pour in the first batch of pudding!
That's the way! Once that's all in, swap with Unit Two!
Firm Cream Content Cream Content Firmness
Basically, with the agar retaining the firmness, Soft
m 208 555 l 325 555 325 559 208 559
To Be Completed m 208 553 l 325 553 325 561 208 561
To Be Completed m 208 550 l 325 550 325 565 208 565
To Be Completed m 208 546 l 325 546 325 569 208 569
To Be Completed m 208 540 l 325 540 325 575 208 575
To Be Completed
we can increase the cream content in the upper layers to keep it light and soft.
m 210 425 l 326 425 326 428 210 428
To Be Poured m 210 422 l 326 422 326 431 210 431
To Be Poured m 210 419 l 326 419 326 434 210 434
To Be Poured m 210 415 l 326 415 326 439 210 439
To Be Poured m 210 412 l 326 412 326 442 210 442
To Be Poured m 210 409 l 326 409 326 446 210 446
To Be Poured m 210 425 l 326 425 326 428 210 428
To Be Poured m 210 422 l 326 422 326 431 210 431
To Be Poured m 210 419 l 326 419 326 435 210 435
To Be Poured m 210 415 l 326 415 326 439 210 439
To Be Poured m 210 412 l 326 412 326 442 210 442
To Be Poured m 210 422 l 326 422 326 431 210 431
To Be Poured m 210 419 l 326 419 326 435 210 435
To Be Poured m 210 415 l 326 415 326 439 210 439
To Be Poured m 210 412 l 326 412 326 442 210 442
To Be Poured
Then what are these?
Bursts of flavor: fruit sauce and mousse in edible starch wrappers.
Wouldn't you get sick of the same flavor all the way through?
Adding these in here and there will provide some variety.
Once the mold is full, put on the lid and let it chill.
The mold's outer walls are equipped with a refrigeration function,
and the pipes inside are flowing with coolant.
A pudding this voluminous needs to be cooled inside and out.
Wow...
Just how much does Kayano know about pudding, anyway?
She's got the scientific theory down, and she's studied up on flavor!
Way to go, Kayano-chan.
You planned and executed all this yourself after seeing that article on eggs?
Uh-huh!
I mean, I've wanted to try it for a while.
With the Ministry of Defense covering the cost,
I figured this was the perfect opportunity.
Once I put my mind to something, I just keep on rolling.
Kayano was always behind us, helping out with our assassinations.
That’s why I'd pegged her as the supporting type.
I had no idea that, given a plot that played to her interests,
she could be such a go-getter.
Another early start tomorrow!
After chilling it overnight, we check to see if it's firmed up enough,
then remove the cooling pipes.
Next, we loosen the bolts holding on the lid,
Keep 'er coming, keep 'er coming...
and inject air between the mold and the pudding itself.
Then...
Release the external lock!
Once the pudding's out of the mold, we shore up the outside
with softened gelatin and agar,
top it off with the separately-made caramel sauce,
lightly toast the surface, and...
We did it!
Oh man, it looks delicious!
You forget there's a bomb under there!
And with that, Kayano's giant, killer pudding was complete.
C-Can I really eat this whole thing?
Oh, yeah, sure.
I just wanted to use up those discarded eggs.
It was all Kayano-chan's idea.
Oh, Kayano-san!
Well, see ya, Korosensei.
We've got an English class to get to.
Don't let any of it go to waste, now!
I would never! Oh, it's a dream come true!
Here I go!
Kayano. We'll watch the detonation from the hallway.
Oh. Uh-huh.
Yum, yum, yum, yum!
Look at him go.
It's only a matter of time before he reaches the bottom!
There's also a surveillance camera in there,
alongside the remote-controlled bomb.
We detonate the bomb just as the pudding around it is eaten—
the moment the screen lightens slightly from pitch black.
The pudding...
exploding...
Yum, yum, yum, yum!
Having the flavors change midway is sure to make it tastier.
Hmm, I see. So I should use a scale model to test its strength.
No! Another collapse!
Pudding...
No!
I poured my heart into that pudding! We can't just blow it up!
Hey, calm down, Kayano!
Don't get emotionally attached to a damn pudding!
No, we can't do it!
It was made to be blown to bits!
We need to keep it in the yard forever as a monument!
Kayano Kaede's Still Life with Pudding Kayano Kaede's
Still Life with Pudding Kayano Kaede's
Still Life with Pudding It'll spoil!
Danger Phew. Time for a break.
I detected the faint scent of a foreign object amidst all the deliciousness.
The bomb!
And the detonator's been detached!
I ate from caramel to pudding to dirt, Pudding Pudding
m 1000 53 l 1016 149 1124 186 1211 227 1258 186 1270 94 1037 3
Korosensei Flirts with Disaster!
m 253 16 l 296 112 203 177 110 224 45 248 20 181 -14 93
His Exit Route Explained!
m 691 41 l 919 41 919 97 691 97
Entry Route m 991 268 l 1127 268 1127 312 991 312
Old Campus m 85 567 l 137 567 137 618 85 618
Underground m 64 567 l 143 567 143 618 64 618
Underground m 50 567 l 143 567 143 616 50 616
Underground Underground
then tunneled through the ground and removed it.
Was it you who set up the bomb, Takebayashi-kun?
Your calculations were spot on,
but I picked up on the distinctive scent of plastic explosive.
Next time, pay attention to any odor components too.
Yes, sir.
And since you all worked together to make this pudding,
you should all join in on eating it!
I've set aside nice, clean portions for you.
Foiled again.
And it was such a good idea, too.
However, eating eggs that are meant to be discarded
is, strictly speaking, a violation of economic rules.
We'll consider that and the importance of food in our next civics class.
New Civics New Civics New Civics New Civics New Civics
Yes, sir.
New Civics New Civics New Civics New Civics
Tough luck, Kayano.
Or do you feel better now?
I didn't think you could be so hardcore.
It was fun, not to mention unexpected.
Not even your closest friends get to see your true blade.
I'll try again sometime.
In this classroom, even a pudding fanatic can be a top-notch assassin.
I've got plenty more wibbly-wobbly blades where that came from!
Assassination Classroom Second Season Kayano Kaede
After the break,
Karasuma-sensei really started buckling down on training.
Today's phys ed class consisted of parkour—
turned cops and robbers.
The cops were our two monster teachers.
If we catch them all, they get twice the homework!
Don't get carried away.
Aw, why can't I play too?
It's not fair. You guys have all the fun.
You stuck me with guard duty and everything.
Of course. It would hardly be training with you on the chase.
Even if it is Karasuma-sensei chasing us,
this is one big mountainside!
Given the time limit, he'll only be able to tag...
...two or three of us, max.
Yep.
I heard that.
Beyond the ridgeline, eighty meters away.
You're all under arrest.
Huh?
What?
Okajima-san, Hayami-san, Chiba-san, and Fuwa-san are out!
Seriously! He's actually making us do drills in jail!
J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i
l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a
i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J
a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l
J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i l J a i
l J a i l J a i l
Say what?
Now, look, Okajima...
You didn't even realize you were tagged? What is this, some battle movie?
Just be careful, okay? He might already be behind you.
Sugaya! Sugayaaa!
Karasuma's on the hunt alone?
Perfect. I'll pull him in by his tagging hand and take him down.
Then we'll go at it right here. I'll make a real bad cop out of him!
Bring it on, I say! Oh ye—
Sugaya-san and Bitch-sensei are out!
Yikes! We're dropping like flies!
It's like Mount Slaughter out here.
Weren't they taken alive?
Oh, this is cops and robbers, right? Which means...
Right! If we tag 'em, they're free!
Sugino, you dummy.
Like anyone's getting tagged without that supersonic octopus noticing.
Prisoners, focus on your work! No slacking!
If we could do that, we would've killed him ages ago.
You have a point.
Sugino! Did you come to spring us?
Do something about Sensei!
What?
Just this once.
Sugino! Now!
Officer Koro In Bribery Scandal
Five prisoners have escaped!
Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped
Escaped What?!
Hey! How did those captured robbers get out?
They're shrewder than I thought.
Whoa! Those boobs are something else!
They lured you away?!
Do not let my next batch of prisoners escape!
Actually, Korosensei...
My little brother is really sick. He can't even leave his bed.
When I messaged him about our game of cops and robbers,
he replied, "You gotta win."
If he knew I'd been captured, the shock just might...
Go.
This cop never saw any robber. Go.
Oh, wow, thanks!
Officer Koro In Treason Scandal
Four prisoners have escaped!
Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped Escaped
Escaped Escaped Karasuma-san, come in!
How are these criminals escaping from jail?
That's my line, you sloppy cop!
Time's up! Game's over!
It's over.
Thank goodness.
In the end,
our game of cops and robbers ended with us getting away.
Korosensei ticked off Karasuma-sensei as he always does,
but it was good training for us.
Anyone could see our second term was off to a good start.
Later!
A Yellow Menace Targets F-Cups and Above
No way...
Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book
Roll Book Roll Book
What a good start to the second term!
Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book
The relationship of trust I share with my students is only growing stronger!
I can't wait to see their affectionate eyes, sparkling with...
disgust?!
A Yellow Man's 'Nurufufufu' Echoing Through the Night
Only After F-Cups and Above
Underwear Thief Strikes Again!
This is totally you, isn't it?
We're disappointed, to say the least.
How could you do such a thing?
No, wait! I don't know anything about this!
So what's your alibi?
My alibi?
Where were you on the night of the incident,
and what were you doing?
What was I doing?
I was moving between ten thousand and three thousand meters in altitude,
shaking a bag of seasoned fries.
Like anyone can verify that!
C'mon, that's enough.
Korosensei may be a slave to the desires of the flesh,
but all he's really done so far is...
read discarded dirty magazines, Stag Stag Stag Stag
Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag Stag
Stag be bought off with swimsuit pics,
stare intently at pin-ups during free period,
send in postcards saying "Hand-bras are so blah! Let me do a tentacle-bra!"...
Sensei... Just turn yourself in.
Et tu, Isogai?
How rude! I'm an innocent man!
If you don't believe me, come to the staff room!
I've got just the thing to prove how rational I am:
the pin-up collection in my desk!
I'll get rid of every last one of—
You gotta be kiddin' me.
Hey, check out the class roll book!
Mimura Kouki Muramatsu Takuya Yada Touka
Yoshida Taisei Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery
Horibe Itona Mimura Kouki Muramatsu Takuya Yada Touka
Horibe Itona Nakamura Rio Hazama Kirara Hayami Rinka
Hara Sumire Fuwa Yuzuki Maehara Hiroto Mimura Kouki
Muramatsu Takuya Yada Touka Yoshida Taisei
Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery Horibe Itona
Nakamura Rio Hazama Kirara Hayami Rinka Hara Sumire
Fuwa Yuzuki Maehara Hiroto Mimura Kouki
See the letters next to all the girls' names?
Fuwa Yuzuki Maehara Hiroto Nakamura Rio Hazama Kirara
Hayami Rinka Hara Sumire Fuwa Yuzuki Maehara Hiroto
Fuwa Yuzuki Maehara Hiroto Kimura Masayoshi
Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa Sugaya Sousuke
Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou Chiba Ryuunosuke
Terasaka Ryouma Nakamura Rio Hazama Kirara
Kimura Masayoshi Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa
Sugaya Sousuke Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou
Chiba Ryuunosuke Terasaka Ryouma Nakamura Rio
Hazama Kirara Hayami Rinka Hara Sumire Fuwa Yuzuki
He's looked into all our cup sizes!
Chiba Ryuunosuke Terasaka Ryouma Kimura Masayoshi
Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa Sugaya Sousuke
Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou Chiba Ryuunosuke
Terasaka Ryouma Kimura Masayoshi Kurahashi Hinano
Shiota Nagisa Sugaya Sousuke Sugino Tomohito
Takebayashi Koutarou Chiba Ryuunosuke Terasaka Ryouma
Okano Hinata Okuda Manami Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede
Kanzaki Yukiko Kimura Masayoshi Kurahashi Hinano
Forever Flat Okano Hinata Okuda Manami Kataoka Megu
Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko Kimura Masayoshi
Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa Sugaya Sousuke
Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou Chiba Ryuunosuke
Terasaka Ryouma Forever Flat Okano Hinata Okuda Manami
Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko
Kimura Masayoshi Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa
Sugaya Sousuke Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou
Chiba Ryuunosuke Terasaka Ryouma Forever Flat
Forever Flat Akabane Karma Isogai Yuuma Okajima Taiga
Forever Flat Kimura Masayoshi Akabane Karma
Isogai Yuuma Okajima Taiga Okano Hinata Okuda Manami
Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko Forever Flat
Kurahashi Hinano Shiota Nagisa Sugaya Sousuke
Sugino Tomohito Takebayashi Koutarou Chiba Ryuunosuke
Terasaka Ryouma Forever Flat Akabane Karma
Akabane Karma Isogai Yuuma Okajima Taiga Okano Hinata
Okuda Manami Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko
Kimura Masayoshi Forever Flat Akabane Karma
Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko Hey!
Kataoka Megu Kayano Kaede Kanzaki Yukiko
Why am I the only one marked "Forever Flat"?!
And this here...
Kunugigaoka's F-Cups and Above Wait! I... That can't...
is a list of women in Kunugigaoka endowed with at least an F-cup!
Oh, right! I was getting ready for an after-school barbecue!
See? Don't these skewers look tast—
This isn't good.
Unbelievable.
Gross.
Th-That's all for today... class...
See you... tomorrow...
Today must've been hell for him.
He might never come back after all that.
But did he really do it?
I mean, it's a serious crime.
Compared to blowing up the Earth, it's downright adorable.
Yeah, well... But if I were a Mach-20 underwear thief,
I sure wouldn't leave such shoddy evidence behind.
A ball from the equipment shed.
He'd have to know that if he did this, he'd be dead to us as a teacher.
And for that teaching-obsessed monster, I'd think losing our trust with this nonsense
is right up there with getting assassinated in terms of things he wants to avoid.
Yeah. I'd have to agree.
But then... who could it have been?
An impostor.
Fuwa-san?
That color, his laugh... Make no mistake.
It's a fake Korosensei! The old hero-movie villain trope in action!
So the culprit is someone deeply familiar with Korosensei.
Ritsu!
Look for clues with me!
Roger!
Something along those lines, anyway.
I don't know why they'd do something like this,
but if this rumor runs our bountied buddy out of town, we'll lose everything.
Let's beat the real criminal silly
and put that octopus in our debt.
Yeah!
"Forever Flat"...
Elementary, my dear Watson! The legendary detective is on the scene!
All we're doing is using parkour to trespass.
Hey, Fuwa, how do you know the culprit's gonna strike here next?
This is a training camp for a certain talent agency.
A big-busted idol group has been here for two weeks practicing their latest dance routines.
Yes, and based on the suspect's disposition,
there's a 99.78% probability this place is in his sights.
And tomorrow's the last day of camp!
No way will our man let these top-notch trophies get away.
I see.
Korosensei!
Is he after the real thief too?
He looks like one himself in that getup.
Watch! He's so mad at the actual culprit
that one look at the underwear has him all hot and bothered!
I can't see him as anything but the bad guy!
Hey, over there... Someone's here!
A big guy with a yellow head!
I knew it!
So someone else was behind this!
With the way he carries himself, he's no ordinary guy!
Uh-oh! He's getting away!
Gotcha!
So you disguised yourself as me
and did things I only wish I could have done!
I'll strip you naked and take care of you from stem to stern!
This might be even worse than being a bra thief.
The reports got his laugh exactly right.
Now show your face, you impostor!
I-Isn't that... Karasuma-sensei's subordinate?
You...
But why would—
I negotiated with the government to borrow one of Karasuma-sensei's men.
He lured you right into this pen of anti-teacher fabric.
Just like what your students did on that tropical island.
Youngsters have such limber minds.
First you confine the target, and then you strike.
That voice...
Now, then, Korosensei.
Let your final death match begin.
Korosensei...
Compared to me, you are...
weak.
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo